---
toc: true
base: post
description: Descriptive notes on what I heard on the Alumni Panel
categories: [markdown, Week 1]
title: Alumni Panel Notes

---

# Alumni Panel Notes

### Introduction

- Mostly all graduates to UCs
- Some of them are not majoring in computer science 

### Question 1: Biggest Challenge in Computer Science?

- Keeping motivation
- A lot of problems and hard to find on the internet
- Focus on your own path and try to not to compare with others
- Try to ignore clashing egos
- Hard finding motivation because of smarter people 
- Have a better mindset to learn instead of just trying to get stuff down
- Getting started in coding is very hard

### Question 2: Are there any PBL scenarios in college computer science classes?

- There are 2 PBL scenarios in college. 1 of them is defineftly in senior year Project based learning classes and some theory based classes.
- There are a lot of PBL exams which are definite for computer silence
- A lot of group based and managing group. Be Careful of getting used for doing too much group work.
- Be good at managing work

### Question 3: Have you applied CS in your major if you are not majoring in CS?

- There is a lot of coding involved in mechanical engineering which will help you out a lot.
- Optimizing things are also very well used in a lot of different majors
- Computer science can help with very high level math
- A lot of requirements in Stats courses and psychology courses need some type of Computer Science
- Programming is almost everywhere in a lot of STEM majors

### Question 4: For existing college students have you had a job with school or professor?
- Getting internships and talking to professors will help get better jobs.
- Try to be unique from the 200 other students in the college lecture
- 2 of the alumnis had Internships in Northrop Grumman 
- 1 of the alumni had Internships in a company doing APIs and web development

### Other Questions:
- Doing 2 or 3 personal projects will help out with applying for internships and stuff
Path finding algorithms (Graph Theory, etc) a lot of data visualization
- Doing a lot of data application in projects and classes
- Club called Trident A in UCSD
- When trying to apply for internships always have a resume