---
toc: true
layout: base
description: ExtraCredit 1
categories: [markdown, Week 0]
title: ExtraCreditBothZoomMeetings 
---
### Extra Credit Zoom Meeting 1

Beginning Notes:
- There are two main speakers, "Suma Latha" and "Nisha Seitha". First we talked about why Engineering is important. Here are the some reasons that were listed: Engineering can be used pretty much everywhere, and I hope that me and my peers can use the concepts of engineering to solve problems to make a positive impact in the world. They also followed a logical thought process and engineers are very important in society. Then the speakers talked about the different streams of engineering. The various streams were: electronics, Robotics, Communication, Aeronautics, Industrial, Computer Science, Mechanical, Structural, Civil Engineering, Electronics. Suma Latha took communication engineering for her stream and also focused on computer science and electronics. After User graduated the user went to a job relating communication engineering which related to computer engineering (ARozn aand Qualcom). Then we started talking about what Qualcomm is currently doing. This is the stuff that they said that are currently going on: QUALCOMM makes a lot of the mobile technoiogy and is working on 5g, qualcomm makes chips and wireless technology, mobile phone chips,Makes processors, Qualcomm creates services related to networking and wireless technology. 

Second Paragraph: 
- Nisha Seitha talked about her path to becoming an engineer. Choose Engineering as a factor of Father also being there. One of the only girls entered STEM at a place. Chose Engineering because she was very good at math and also chose computers because it was very rare and unique. 4 years of engineering college dreaming about a hardware engineer designer. But in the end became a software engineer. Landed 1st job in a computer science company. Worked on 3d Engineering  of a comp[any then started working as a software engineer. Worked at the headquarters of the company and joined Qualcoom and worked in the 4th generation project. Right now working in the 5th generation project at Qualcomm. They also talked about the important stuff for getting into good engineering universities. Taking a lot of AP courses and making sure that GPA is very high. Also joining courses and robotics to show interest in engineering. Take advantage of any programs which can help you for engineering`.

Conclusion Paragraph:
I gained a lot of insight into engineering and computer science from the speakers in this Zoom meeting who are QUALCOMM employees. I gained knowledge about the specific projects that QUALCOMM is working on, the key ones being networking, wireless technology, and mobile technology. Additionally, I developed an awareness of engineering's functions and international applications. I can now understand how engineering is applied in all aspects of life, from straightforward operations like setting an alarm to more complex ones like launching a rocket. It is nearly impossible to discover something that does not use engineering or computer science in some form, as they are practically ubiquitous.Additionally, with the speakers' advice, I was capable of recognizing the path I can take to assist myself develop into a good software developer in the future, particularly working in significant IT firms like Google and QUALCOMM. This new course inspires me to put in more effort in the 