---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Collobaration Notes
categories: [markdown, Week 4]
title: Collaboration CSP Notes
---

### Video 1
- Effective collobaration produces a computing innovation that reflects the diversity of talents and perspectives of those who designed it.
- Collobaration that includes diverse perspectives helps avoid bias in the development of computing innovations.
- Effective colloborative teams practice interspersonal skills, including, but not limited to:
     - Communiation
     - Consenseus Building
     - Conflict Resolution
     - Negotiation
- A Computing innovation includes a program as an integral part of its function.
- A computing innovation can be physical, nonpyhysical computing osftware, or a nonphysical computing concept (e-commerce).
- Collobarations that inclues diverse perspectives helps avoid bias in the development of computing innovations.
- African Proverb: "If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together."

### Video 2
- Essential Knowledge
    - Consultation and communication with users are important aspects of the development of computing innovations
    - Information gathered from potential users can be used to understand the purpose of a program from diverse perspectives and to develop a program that fully incorporates these perspectives
    - Online tools support collobaration by allowing programmers to share and provide feedback on ideas and doucmentws
    - Common models such as pair programming exist to facilitate collaboration.
- Pair Programming: Two programmers work together as a pair. One (the driver) writes program code, while the other review each line of program code as it is typed in.
- Think - Pair - Share: Students think through a problem alone, pair with a partner to share ideas, and then share with the rest of the class.
- Make sure to leave comments in code 
- Online tools: (repl.it, Github)