---
toc: true
layout: base
description: Unit 3.1 Variables and Assignments
categories: [markdown, Week 13]
title: Unit 3 Lesson 1
---

### Variables
- Variables must be defined using barckers, commas, and there are different formats for every single type of format, such as string, int, and boolean
- Functions on Lists: Straight brackets create a list, which can be appended.
- Curly brackets are being used for interchanging variables.
- An alternative of using numbers if floats which is similar to that of the numbers.
- An even function occurs when 

### Javascript
- To define a variable one must use the variable var
- Algebra can be printed throught the print command - (z + y)
- Boolean is true and false which a variable can be printed around.
- String is printed through the print command which quotations around it to produce the data that wants to be pritned.

### Data Abstraction
- Data Abstraction manages the complexity of a program and manage the data and devolop 
- AP Exams are more into lists than dictionaries
- To add stuff into lists one can use the command .append which adds stuff into the list
- One can also break downs lists into more lists fo
- Organising ites int othe lists cna be done through function names through using the
- SPlitting and joining functions,

### Data Abstraction JS
- Objects, Average, and values can be caluclated from data abstraction JS.
- The exampe that is given is the starting lineup for Dodgers where the user made a list using straight bracketes, with both players and new players
- The managers are also being put in, with also the players averages being put in.
- Table syntax is put into <> with sr inside of it.
- The style and format of the thing can be better and look more appealing if it is put into html instead of the normal activities.

### 

Iterate through the list, and transform


albums = [
    ("Welcome to my Nightmare", "Alice Cooper", 1975,   # First album list
     [
         (1, "Welcome to my Nightmare"),
         (2, "Devil's Food"),
         (3, "The Black Widow"),
         (4, "Some Folks"),
         (5, "Only Women Bleed"),
     ]
     ),
    ("Bad Company", "Bad Company", 1974,   # Second album list
     [
         (1, "Can't Get Enough"),
         (2, "Rock Steady"),
         (3, "Ready for Love"),
         (4, "Don't Let Me Down"),
         (5, "Bad Company"),
         (6, "The Way I Choose"),
         (7, "Movin' On"),
         (8, "Seagull"),
     ]
     ),
    ("Nightflight", "Budgie", 1981,
     [
         (1, "I Turned to Stone"),
         (2, "Keeping a Rendezvous"),
         (3, "Reaper of the Glory"),
         (4, "She Used Me Up"),
     ]
     ),
    ("More Mayhem", "Imelda May", 2011,
     [
         (1, "Pulling the Rug"),
         (2, "Psycho"),
         (3, "Mayhem"),
         (4, "Kentish Town Waltz"),
     ]
     ),

for i in albums